[FIX] Remove mentions of sourcedata in the datatype specific pages (#1737)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/modality-specific-files/electroencephalography.md

format. It is furthermore discouraged to use the other accepted formats over
these RECOMMENDED formats, particularly because there are conversion scripts
available in most commonly used programming languages to convert data into the
RECOMMENDED formats.

> We encourage users to provide additional meta information extracted from the
> manufacturer specific data files in the sidecar JSON file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage users to provide additional metadata extracted from the
manufacturer-specific data files in the sidecar JSON file.
```
